Base instructions on docker container and add SCAN section (#44)
convince-project/overview: tutorials/roaml/README.md

## Tools usage

### Start the Docker container

For this tutorial, we prepared a docker container that can be started using docker compose:

```bash
cd overview

> docker compose run --pull missing --rm base /bin/bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker compose run --rm base /bin/bash
```
We already tell them to pull in the introduction. So I think this is enough

```

In the remainder of this tutorial, we will assume that this container is used.

### Get the verifiable model by using AS2FM

This section contains general instructions for generating a verifiable model starting from a RoAML xml file.

For these instructions, let's assume we want to generate the model starting from the [main.xml file](main.xml).

> To do that, the first step is to source the required ROS interfaces (located in the [ros_interfaces folder](../ros_interfaces)):

Reviewer 2: Very happy you could automate this, I think it was a usability pain point for a first-time user.

Reviewer 2: @MarcoLm993 looks all good to me!

### Verify the SCXML model using SCAN

Once we have a SCXML model of the system, we can use Scan to verify properties on it.

In particular, for this model we developed the property `snack_at_start`, already present in the RoAML model, that reads as follows:

```xml
<property id="snack_at_start" pattern="existence">
  <event>x == 0 && y == 0 && parent == 'world'</event>
  <scope type="globally"/>
</property>
```

> and that checks that, eventually, the snack object reaches the table (in position `(0, 0)`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and that checks that, eventually, the snack object is at the table (in position `(0, 0)`).
```
